README.md, before:

# **📌JAVA BASIC**
## _This is Java-Basic repository.I keep basics questions in this repository.._
---
## **🤷‍♂️ABOUT THIS REPOSITORY**

- **Total Data Structure  is covering.**
- **Multiple Basic questions are cover.**
- **Describe  the code proper way with given comments**
- **You can easily find any tropics according to the folders name.**
---
###### This is all of our `first code` in any languages. 😁
```python
public class hello_world {
    public static void main(String[] args) {

        System.out.println("Hello world");
       
       }
}
```
---
## 🔗[Java-Basic](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/)
## ![Code Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/main/Screenshot%20(15).png)
## 🧑‍💻 Description 
#### 📌 _This is  Codes that i uploaded. More codes will be uploaded as soon as possible_ 🔜..
##### Java is a multi-platform, object-oriented, and network-centric programming language Java is a general-purpose, class-based, object-oriented programming language. Java Platform is a collection of programs that help programmers to develop and run Java applications efficiently.
---
## 🚀 About Me
Hi, 👋 I'm Debapriyo.<br>Student Of <b>``Bengal Institute Of Technology``</b>.<br>I love to explore new new things.✌

## 🔗Profile Links
[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://katherineoelsner.com/)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/)
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/)

Commit message:

Update 📖Tropics part...
Add file 📂 with their links 🔗...

README.md, after:

# **📌JAVA BASIC**
## _This is Java-Basic repository.I keep basics questions in this repository.._
---
## **🤷‍♂️ABOUT THIS REPOSITORY**

- **Total Data Structure  is covering.**
- **Multiple Basic questions are cover.**
- **Describe  the code proper way with given comments**
- **You can easily find any tropics according to the folders name.**
---
###### This is all of our `first code` in any languages. 😁
```python
public class hello_world {
    public static void main(String[] args) {

        System.out.println("Hello world");
       
       }
}
```
---
## 🔗[Java-Basic](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/)
## ![Code Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/main/Screenshot%20(15).png)
## 🧑‍💻 Description 
#### 📌 _This is  Codes that i uploaded. More codes will be uploaded as soon as possible_ 🔜..
##### Java is a multi-platform, object-oriented, and network-centric programming language Java is a general-purpose, class-based, object-oriented programming language. Java Platform is a collection of programs that help programmers to develop and run Java applications efficiently.
## 📖**Tropics** 
######  _The tropics that i cover are below .👇 (More tropics will be updated soon..🔜)_
 - 📂 [**01_Varriable and data type**](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/tree/main/01_Varriable%20and%20data%20type)
 - 📂 [**02_Operator**](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/tree/main/02_Operator)
 - 📂 [**03_If else ,loop, pattern**](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/tree/main/03_If%20else%20%2Cloop%2C%20pattern)
 - 📂 [**04_Fun & methord**](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/tree/main/04_Fun%20%26%20methord)
 - 📂 [**05_array**](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/tree/main/05_array)
 - 📂 [**06_Sorting**](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/tree/main/06_Sorting)
 - 📂 [**07_2-D_Array**](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/tree/main/07_2-D_Array)
 - 📂 [**08_String**](https://github.com/debapriyo007/java-Basic/tree/main/08_String)
 
  
---
## 🚀 About Me
Hi, 👋 I'm Debapriyo.<br>Student Of <b>``Bengal Institute Of Technology``</b>.<br>I love to explore new new things.✌

## 🔗Profile Links
[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://katherineoelsner.com/)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/)
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/)
